Traditional management, everything
we have learned is harmful.
It's a very radical signature
and it may surprise, but
it's true.
I have always been surprised
by the fact that managers who
have had a lot of professional
success in large companies, with
a great academic training,
etc., are much less prepared
to undertake and in fact fail
more than much younger people,
with less life experience,
professional,
academic, etc.
And it is due to this.
It is because all the principles
we have learned in traditional
management are thought
of for another environment
that usually lead you to make
bad decisions.
Well, to begin, really if we look
at the topics, in the areas
that have always been studied,
because in business schools,
in universities, etc., good
because strategy, marketing,
human resources, finance,
accounting, etc., operations,
leadership, never really has
been put any focus on helping
students to undertake.
This assignment has not been taken into account.
It begins to incorporate because the
world of startups is revolutionizing
the economy in general, the
world of the company, but until
now it had not been taken
into account.
So we could say that until now
we had not been given knowledge,
we were a little blind, didn'
t we?
But as I said, I go further.
I think that not only do we go
blind, but what we have learned
is harmful.
And why?
I will explain it to you.
Well, I think that undertaking is the
ability to convert an idea you have,
a vision into a business model
that is sustainable and
profitable, but there is an important
feature and is that it is usually
given in an environment
of certain uncertainty.
Uncertainty is the word.
In a chaotic environment, where you
don't know what's going to
happen, you don't know how
customers will respond, you don'
t know how the market will respond, etc.
So, everything we have learned,
the key is that everything we have
learned, is thought of or is born
from a different environment, from
an environment of much greater security.
We have been taught how to plan, we have been
taught how to execute, but we have not
been taught how to handle ourselves in
an environment with high uncertainty.
So the fact that we have acquired
all those knowledge,
that we have already integrated
it into our way of thinking
in our DNA, makes us worse
entrepreneurs, makes us less
flexible, makes us give,
of course, many things
that we shouldn't give,
of course.